notes.md, before:

Project bootstrap:

1 - Create the project using the react native command line:

```sh
npx react-native init githubApp
```

2 - Open the development project in the emulator/device:

```sh
react-native run-android
```

---

Configure code formatters/styles, linters:

1 - Install ESLint:

```sh
yarn add eslint -D
```

2 - Install Prettier:

```sh
yarn add prettier eslint-config-prettier eslint-plugin-prettier babel-eslint -D
```

---

Debug using Reactotron:

1 - Install the client app [https://github.com/infinitered/reactotron](https://github.com/infinitered/reactotron)

2 - Add reactotron as dependencie:

```sh
yarn add reactotron-react-native
```

3 - Create a reactotron configuration file at src/config/ReactotronConfig.js:

```js
```

---

React native navigation:

1 - Create a file src/routes.js

2 - Add the react navigation library:

```sh
yarn add react-navigation
```

- Install the dependencies:

```sh
yarn add react-native-reanimated react-native-gesture-handler react-native-screens react-native-safe-area-context @react-native-community/masked-view
```

- For stack navigation, install the libreary:
  ```sh
  yarn add react-navigation-stack @react-native-community/masked-view
  ```

---

Add Styled Components to the project:

1 - Install the library:

```sh
yarn add styled-components
```

---

Add Async storage library to store the users data:

```sh
yarn add @react-native-community/async-storage
```

---

Validate the proptypes:

```sh
yarn add prop-types
```

Commit message:

chore: Fetch the repositories that user starred.

notes.md, after:

Project bootstrap:

1 - Create the project using the react native command line:

```sh
npx react-native init githubApp
```

2 - Open the development project in the emulator/device:

```sh
react-native run-android
```

---

Configure code formatters/styles, linters:

1 - Install ESLint:

```sh
yarn add eslint -D
```

2 - Install Prettier:

```sh
yarn add prettier eslint-config-prettier eslint-plugin-prettier babel-eslint -D
```

---

Debug using Reactotron:

1 - Install the client app [https://github.com/infinitered/reactotron](https://github.com/infinitered/reactotron)

2 - Add reactotron as dependencie:

```sh
yarn add reactotron-react-native
```

3 - Create a reactotron configuration file at src/config/ReactotronConfig.js:

```js
```

---

React native navigation:

1 - Create a file src/routes.js

2 - Add the react navigation library:

```sh
yarn add react-navigation
```

- Install the dependencies:

```sh
yarn add react-native-reanimated react-native-gesture-handler react-native-screens react-native-safe-area-context @react-native-community/masked-view
```

- For stack navigation, install the libreary:
  ```sh
  yarn add react-navigation-stack @react-native-community/masked-view
  ```

The navigation is executed using the navigate method in the navigation prop.
The parameters that the navigate method receives are the destinatary page and
respective data to be passed to the page. The data can be retrieved using the getParam
method or acessing the navigation.state.params;

---

Add Styled Components to the project:

1 - Install the library:

```sh
yarn add styled-components
```

---

Add Async storage library to store the users data:

```sh
yarn add @react-native-community/async-storage
```

---

Validate the proptypes:

```sh
yarn add prop-types
```
